You barnyard butt lover;
You Crooked set of Vaginal Teeth;
You Cum Drenched Caterpillar;
You Aching Fuckmouth;
You Chunky Squirrel Tit;
You Spunk Bubble;
You PC Port of Arkham Knight;
You Anime Fan on prom-night;
You Ghost-Cock Pumpkin;
You moldy tunafish sandwich;
You Wet Little Wankstain;
You Vile Cum Scorpion from the Spunkhara Desert;
Your pubic fat is muffin-topping out of your onesie, you might wanna fix that, yeah? You know, for the kids;
You Malingering Anus Worm;
You Gaping Shitshooter;
You Cum Guzzling Troglodyte;
You Milky Breast Fart;
You Aristotwat;
You Rancid, Rusty Bucket of Dick-Flesh;
You Rubbery Scrote;
You Dick-Squirrel munching on prosthetic Nutsacks;
You Beetle Trapped in the Foreskin of an Elderly Man;
You Diseased Artichoke;
You Bountiful Bugger Box;
You Over-ripe Banana in a Bus Conductors asshole;
You’re cute. Like my dog. He also chases his tail for entertainment;
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day;
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?;
Your kid is so annoying, he makes his Happy Meal cry;
Your face is just fine, but we’ll have to put a bag over that personality;
I’m not a nerd. I’m just smarter than you;
I may love to shop but I will never buy your bull;
I’m an acquired taste. If you don’t like me, acquire some taste;
Bye. Hope to see you never;
Don’t worry, the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest;
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty;
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass;
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash;
You bring everyone so much joy when you leave the room;
Did the mental hospital test too many drugs on you today?;
OH MY GOD! IT SPEAKS;
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone;
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?;
Light travels faster than sound which is why you seemed bright until you spoke;
I only take you everywhere I go, so I don’t have to kiss you goodbye;
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would you?;
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology;
You have miles to go before you reach mediocre;
I see no evil, and I definitely don’t hear your evil;
I’m just glad that you’re stringing words into sentences now;
Don’t worry about me. Worry about your eyebrows;
Mirrors can’t talk. Lucky for you, they can’t laugh, either;
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place;
If I had a face like yours, I would sue my parents;
You must have been born on a highway. That’s where most accidents happen;
Grab a straw, because you suck;
You’re the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard;
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world;
I’m glad to see you’re not letting education get in the way of your ignorance;
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb to your ego and jump to your IQ;
Your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken butt and wait;
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job;
I told my therapist about you;
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it;
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy;
Hey, you have something on your chin. No, the 3rd one down;
I hope your girl brings a date to your funeral;
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore;
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth;
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant;
You’re my favorite person… besides every other person I’ve ever met;
You’re about as useful as a screen door on a submarine;
I believed in evolution until I met you;
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse;
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off;
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything;
Isn’t it dangerous to use your whole vocabulary in one sentence?;
I do not consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat;
If I throw a stick, will you leave?;
I like the way you try;
I’m jealous of all the people who haven’t met you;
People clap when they see you. They clap their hands over their eyes;
When I see your face, there’s not a thing that I would change… except the direction I was walking in;
You look like something I would draw with my left hand;
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart;
I will ignore you so hard you will start doubting your existence;
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go;
Too bad you can’t Photoshop your ugly personality;
Don’t you get tired of putting makeup on your two faces every morning?;
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes;
You see that door? I want you on the other side of it;
Please just tell me you don’t plan to home-school your kids;
If you’re going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard;
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet;
Isn’t there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?;
Jesus might love you, but everyone else definitely thinks you’re an idiot;
